Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Answer) Although it seems that Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar just because they have
more friends overlap on twitter but it does not say they are similar choices.
It might be possible that the friends they follow are very common or generic in real world. These common 
Friends are followed by many other.
In order to fix this we need to remove such common friends which are very generic and recalculate the result.








2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.


Answer) Friends followed by both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump is WhiteHouse. It is common between them
Because of the competition between them for common topic. 
They both needs to get update in the form of notification, tweets 
From common topic.







3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

Answer) Accounts which a candidate follows does say something about your character.
Candidate who follows very less number of friends might be because candidate only wants information or reads about his close ones or chosen topic.
And does not read about other opinions outside its near by person or topic. The tweets are focussed to some extent on his followers not who he follow.
Candidate who follows many accounts shows that he is very focussed on taking opinions about other people or lots of people to notice them.

Too many followers can affect the analysis by not telling the specific area or topics candidate is interested in.
Too less followers does not say at all about the candidate






4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?


Answer) 
DrJillStein.        : 1648 Requests. 1635 Minutes
GovGaryJohnson	    : 3481 Requests. 3480 Minutes
HillaryClinton	    : 762 Request. 750 Minutes
realDonaldTrump.    : 45 Request. 30 Minutes
Total Request:  5936 Requests. 5895 Minutes.